let's see if he can maintain good
intensity without getting that sixth
foul for the last on the five minutes
here Alva jazz missed ten free throws in
the first half only three misses in
nineteen tries in the second half Carlos
Guzman he is 21 points below in season
averaging this is twice at the line
there miles on me three-pointer off the
offensive rebound and death Kwon Cook
was fouled on his rebound by Paul
Millsap the fifth against bill said you
can see why the Heat's aggressive
aggressiveness now and this court is
going to pay off because you toss got
five personal fouls and the heat as a
team and he's going to go to the final
in fact both teams do so they're going
to be on the foul line for any kind of
fouls up than an offensive foul the rest
of this quarter coach the big difference
tonight for Miami has been their defense
a defense that has had problems allowing
over a hundred points and nine of the
last 11 games the opponents are throwing
108 points a night right now have a jazz
with just 83 on forty three percent
shooting but it's the late game
fourth-quarter defense that has hurt the
heat the worse this year well I didn't
run over this
the first seven games the he scored 83
points a game in the last 19 inch scored
98 a half but yet they have the record
they have so you have to point to the
defense saying the offense is getting it
done with the defense's been getting
stops when they need it 12 points for
Daquan miles missed on the glass shack
with his 11th rebound nine-point Miami
lead for 20 left it again wings this is
his time of the game usually pick and
roll the shack look out the world second
lock up room
chat made the perfect cut to the basket
let's just a guess he did way he went
over all the blue shirts shot was active
from the first minute of this game get
those offensive rebounds going through
the boards and Millsaps falls out of the
game his second foul out this year and
that essentia kilo kneeled of the line
Millsap 12 points 5 rebounds tonight of
25 minutes of work a six nothing he'd
run since the Jazz cut the heat lead to
five Jack seventh double-double this
year your checkers double double pass
them with another rebound it's 13
rebounds tonight for Udonis continues to
be Miami's best rebounder this year so
the lead is 11 with four minutes to go
as we mentioned earlier when cable goes
out the way it's going to be the point
guard he's running the show right now so
the balls in his hands when you let the
heater on offense Deron Williams driving
all the way in draws the foul gets the
bucket that's a hard man to stop in the
open court Deron Williams now with 19.2
the chance it's 20 throw both alum we
told you how tough this young player is
I mentioned earlier he and Chris Paul in
my opinion two best young point guards
in this league
all star recognition you know is why I'm
making it through the best point guards
in the league you know a few years down
the road could she had an interesting
topic Mark Jackson the second all-time
leading assists man at NBA history he's
the color analyst for the dance and I
asked him how he felt about the point
guard position in the league and eat
mention those two youngsters you just
mentioned and said the league is in good
shape with young point guards like that
girl right pumped out of bounds of foul
so Darrell will go to the line with 338
remaining and the heat leading by eight
Drake Kirilenko picking up his first the
other guy you may want to put the same
breath right now is Raymond Felton
pretty good player he was hip he was
picked one pic later than Deron Williams
in that old 5 draft their minds of the
third hook when Dalton was the fourth
you got your young point cards you got
your veteran guys as well led by Steve
Nash and Jason Kidd smokin was the
victim let me correct myself for all
right knocking at his first two free
throws tonight either 17 for 19 of the
line in this game three and a half
minutes left Boozer's jumper is good
Carlos Boozer just six points in the
game on 3 4 15 shooting the lead is
eight time left 318 in the game wait
Karthik night Deron Williams angles left
comes middle and then passes it out of
bounds the 13th heat turnover the game
here's where you need your best defense
of an eye to seal the deal Deron
Williams penetrates this is miles
elevating and finishing coach another
young player that makes your